	The current paradigm for many machine learning tasks is to use artificial neural networks loosely modelled after organic brains. However, NKS has shown us that many types of simple systems can produce equally complex behavior, so neural networks may not be the best solution for learning - they just happened to be naturally produced. I suspect that the most important properties for a simple system to learn complex tasks could be the ability to perform parallel and discrete computations. So, I propose a new form of machine learning based on a network of cellular automata.
	This would be an entirely new form of machine learning, though it shares some similarities with the parallelized structure of neural networks as well as the distributed structure of random forests. Cellular automata haven't found a use for many tasks due to the difficulty of explicitly engineering them to perform specific computations, and the huge search space and lack of search methods for trying to find one through enumeration. However, my WSS '19 project gives a way to modify cellular automata rules to produce new automata with similar behavior. This allows for an incremental approach to modifying the behavior of the automaton network in order to converge on a better overall solution. Therefore this project uses currently unexplored properties of cellular automata to produce an unconsidered mechanism for machine learning. I believe that the ability for cellular automata to produce unexpected behavior, even with my method for finding automata with somewhat similar behavior, could allow such a system to find solutions to a problem that a more straightforward optimization method like other machine learning methods, including neural networks, may struggle to find. By combining these automata into a network, this system could find a solution that one cellular automata could require much more initial information and many more calculations to produce, even if such an automaton could be found.
	This method could be implemented as a network of cellular automata somewhat similar to the structure of current artificial neural networks. Information would be encoded into cellular states for the initial conditions of the first layer of automata. Then, one or more automata with random rules could be applied to the information to produce an output for the next layer, where new automata would be applied. This process could be done using a variety of network topographies. The automata will converge to some final list of cells, which could represent a classification or some other output. Then, error backpropagation will be carried out based on the accuracy of the output, modifying the rules of the automata in a way that improves the model. This backpropagation is the most uncertain part of the project, as the derivative of the automata behavior could be defined in a variety of ways and it could be difficult to converge directly towards a solution. This system for machine learning should be possible in principle and there are many ways it could be constructed and modified for learning. So, I can most likely find some functional construction of a cellular automaton based machine learning system that is somewhat effective, but it may take further work to make it more effective than current machine learning methods for some tasks. In any case, this project should open the way for more exploration of more diverse machine learning methods based on complex systems.
