	The symbolic and functional nature of the Wolfram Language allows for expressions to operate on a wide range of information using a consistent structure. Combined with the extensive documentation showing the possible arguments and forms for each function, I believe that Wolfram Language expressions are in a unique position to be systematically generated. So, I propose a neural network that learns to generate Wolfram Language expressions to complete tasks or just to produce novel programs.
	Currently, self-writing programs aren't much more than a research curiosity. The best example I could find is called SketchAdapt, which uses a neural network trained on other programs combined with lower level logic to complete the implementation and succesfully performed on some domain-specific tasks. Other self writing programs are mostly genetic algorithms with a limited instruction set and haven't found much use, or neural networks trained on normal programs, which struggle to produce anything that will compile. This project is unique in its wide potential based on the subset of functions it's trained with, and its effectiveness in constructing functioning code because of the consistency and flexibility of the Wolfram Language's structure.
	The main structure for this project will be a neural network that takes a small set of data to operate on and outputs the function applications for the program. The outputs will be converted into a Wolfram Language expression and applied to the data. This output will be rewarded based on what kinds of outputs it can produce without error, probably using a task-specific reward function. Alternatively, the network could use supervised learning on examples from the documentation or from pre-written code samples. There are many ways this project could be structured and implemented, so I would begin with a small set of functions and basic objectives with the goal of producing functioning code. Then, I could increase the options the network has in terms of functions and structure, giving it more and different degrees of freedom to see how its capabilities change.
